The thing I'm most worried about as a Navy person is the continuation
of my career. I'm of course, I would like to do the maximum time, which
is 24 years for a chief. But to tell your truth, being in the reserves
really aligns well with my civilian career. Especially because
I'm considering having a federal job and I don't actually don't want
to get out at 24 years. You're supposed Thio. Get out and you become
a great soldier and you just, um you're allowed to go on based on
the base and you're allowed to experience, like, veteran things all
the way up until you retire. And that's when you start getting money.
But actually don't wanna really experience that so much. I wanna
keep serving. And one way to do that is to be promoted to become a
senior chief. So that could be something that I'm working on right now
and also to be a nawf sir. And they haven't even longer career progression
all the way up to 30 years. And that's something that I'm
considered right now as well